Hannah Weber
Problem Set #5
Due: September 30 @ 11:59pm

Monday - 
#1: 
Observational Study - Using an observational study they could have someone observe consumers in the store as they check out with the mobile pay solutions at multiple locations. They could then compare these observations with the experiences that consumers have who aren't using the mobile pay options. 
Focus Groups - Starbucks could hold a focus group with consumers who use the mobile pay solutions and ask them questions about their experience using the system compared to before when they used cash or card. They could also hold a focus group with employees and ask them questions about their interaction with customers who use mobile pay and if it has caused a positive impact on their work.
Online survey - Starbucks could launch a survey on their social media pages or the website and ask those who use the mobile pay solutions to tell them about their experience and if it has had a positive impact on customer service. They could also give a survey to their employees asking if they have noticed a difference in their interaction with customers who use the mobile pay compared to the others. Starbucks could ask the customer and employees to rate the difficulty of the transaction, the time of the transaction, and the overall attitude and connection between the worker and customer. 

Wednesday - (Jacob, Taylor, Marissa, Amy, Jack)
#2A: Does the content on a person's Facebook newsfeed affect a user's emotions?
#2B: Positive or negative content on a person's webpage
#2C: Emotions that result from using Facebook

#3A: 
- Survey because you can ask specific questions about certain aspects of the campaign and get people's response on them. 
- Interviews would be useful because you can get lengthy, in-depth responses about certain aspects of the campaign and can go into more details when needed.
#3B: 
- Observations can be used to observe people using your site and seeing how they choose to navigate the redesign. 
#3C:
- Simulations can be used to statistically model the hype of the next iPhone based off of the hype that has been generated by the past iPhone releases. This method of data collection will create an educated guess for the outcome of the iPhone but it would be supported by data. 

#4: 